.TH LIBAJCURR 7 2018-04-04 "Libajcurr 0.1" "Libajcurr manual"
.SH NAME
libajcurr, ajcurrenc, ajcurrdec \- Adjust's one byte currency type
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <ajcurr.h>
.PP
.RI "ajcurr ajcurrenc(const char *" code );
.RI "const char *ajcurrdec(ajcurr " curr );
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B libajcurr
library implements a one byte currency type. Not all of the world's currencies
are supported, only the ones Adjust can handle.
.PP
The
.I <ajcurr.h>
header defines the type:
.IP \fBajcurr\fP 12
A single byte holding a currency code as encoded by the library. The range of
valid values is contiguous, starts at 1 and ends at AJCURRMAX inclusive. A value
of 0 indicates an invalid or unknown code.
.PP
The
.I <ajcurr.h>
header defines the macro:
.IP AJCURRMAX 12
Maximum supported
.B ajcurr
value.
.PP
The
.B ajcurrenc
function encodes a currency code. It takes a pointer to a C string
holding a three-letter ISO 4217 currency code (e.g. "EUR") and returns a value
of
.B ajcurr
type that corresponds to that currency. If the code is unsupported, invalid, a
null pointer, or is not a suitably-sized C string, the function returns 0. This
function is case-insensitive.
.PP
The
.B ajcurrdec
function decodes a value of
.B ajcurr
type into a three-letter currency code. It returns a pointer to a
statically-allocated string holding the equivalent currency code. If the value
is unsupported (0 or larger than AJCURRMAX), the function returns a null
pointer.
.SH RETURN VALUES
.B Ajcurrenc
returns an encoded currency code or 0.
.PP
.B Ajcurrdec
returns a pointer to a four-byte statically-allocated C string holding a
three-letter currency code or a null pointer.
.SH COPYRIGHT
2018 Adjust, Wiktor W Brodlo <wiktor@adjust.com>

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS
OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF
THIS SOFTWARE.
